Enforce size limit for SearchIndexTool (#145)
opensearch-project/opensearch-mcp-server-py: README.md

  - `index` (required): The name of the index to search in
  - `query` (required): The search query in OpenSearch Query DSL format
  - `format` (optional): The format of SearchIndexTool response. options are csv and json

>   - `size` (optional): The size of SearchIndexTool response, the maximum allowed value is 100, unless overridden by configuration. default is 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `size` (optional): The size of SearchIndexTool response. Default is 10, maximum is 100 (configurable). To change the maximum limit, set `size_limit` via CLI arguments or config file. See [Tool Customization](USER_GUIDE.md#tool-customization) for details.
```
